# WheresMyMoney
My money management android app, that let's you operate on virtual accounts using different currencies

„Where’s My Money!” is an android program that let’s you store data about all of your financial assets in just one place.

The program starts with just one predefined currency – euro and a balance of 0€. From this point on, you can head to ACCOUNTS page, where you can create different accounts, like Wallet, Bank1Account, Bank2Account, Bank2Account2, Savings, etc. In the account page, you can edit your account’s balance, add an income or an expense. The balance from all your accounts is then added together and displayed in the start page.

In the CURRENCIES page, the program let’s you interact with the currencies saved in it (except for euro, which is the root currency and changing its data would interrupt the program’s functioning). Here starts what the app is really about. You can create your own currencies, linked to the other currencies already defined in the program. The currency contains different parameters: name (what’s the full name of the currency), tag (what’s the short name of the currency), link ratio (how many units of the currency can be bought for an unit of the currency it is linked to), point position (how many digits are shown after the coma , how is the currency dividable, like 2 for dollar, 18 for bitcoin), link (which other currency it is linked to). Once added, a currency can be edited in all the different ways. The app allows you also to set a chosen currency to be the main currency, what will change the currency to which all the money is translated. By the UPDATE button, provided you have a currenciesAPIKey, you can update the rates of the currencies saved in the program. The program will update the rates of the currencies which have their tag property set to one of the tags enumerated in the API response and through that all the rates are indirectly linked to euro, it will update all the currencies saved in the program.

To make the use of the app more comfortable, it allows you to choose the theme in which all the components of the app shall be displayed.

So, let’s use an example to illustrate how the app could be used: Imagine you are a real-estate successful american investor who wants to see how many liters of his favorite beer he could buy if he sold all his houses.
First of all, you will have to create a dollar currency: go to CURRENCIES, ADD, and fill all the blanks, you have to remember not to misspell the USD tag. Then you should create a currency that will hold the value of a beer: click ADD again and set name and tag as you wish, link it to USD, set link ratio to the amount of beer that you can buy for one dollar. The point position will determine the precision of your result, setting it to 0 will create an undividable currency, so you will see the result like 11 litters, setting it to 3 will create a currency which is dividable to 1000 subunits, so you will see the result like 11.000 litters, you also have to set litters of beer as the main currency. Now you have to create currencies of each house that you have, using the exact same rules. Then create the accounts using these currencies, set their balance and it’s done. You have just translated the value of your investments into the litters of beer!
